The baby is still too small. Another
few weeks would make the difference.
That'll be the case, please God.
I'm not even 30 weeks gone.
The baby won't stand a chance.
Don't talk like that, Suzy.
With the help of God,
that mightn't even happen.
it mightn't happen?
Thanks a bunch.
What a consolation that is!
Everything will be alright, Suzy.
Either way,
you'll be well looked after.
-Suzy Loughlin?
-Declan Brosnan. Hello Ríona.
Hi!
-I'd like a word with you.
-Stay here Ríona.
Okay, if that's what you want.
You have a great friend there!
We're very proud of Ríona.
She's one of the best trainee nurses.
Okay, this is how it is.
I spoke to the doctors
in orthopaedics.
There's a strong possibility
that your cheekbone is broken.
Another doctor will discuss that
with you later.
My biggest concern
is the bleeding from the womb.
What caused it?
A condition called placenta praevia.
It means that the connection between
the placenta and the womb is weak.
If it worsens, we'll have
to carry out an emergency Caesarean.
-Caesarean?
-Don't worry.
We have a very experienced team.
I don't want a Caesarean.
It'll only happen
in the case of an emergency.
Whatever happens,
I don't want an operation.
I'm sorry but if you start to bleed
again, there'll be no alternative.
They'll give you an anaesthetic.
You won't feel a thing.
-General anaesthetic?
-Yes.
No, you have to keep the baby
inside. I don't want an operation.
That's what we're trying to avoid.
However, you must understand that
sometimes there's no alternative.
-What have I done now?
-That was HQ on the phone.
They're sending an inspector
to Ros na Rún.
They finally copped on
that you're useless!
They're investigating
the previous sergeant actually.
This is all very interesting
but I'm on my way home.
Look it! I don't want any trouble
while the inspector is around.
Stay well away from Daniel McLoughlin
I had no intention of going near him.
Good.
Don't draw any attention to yourself
and everything will be fine.
What has this got to do with me?
This is my first job as sergeant
and it's on a trial basis.
If my brother goes around causing
trouble, it'll go against me.
What are you doing here?
I told you I didn't want to see you.
How could I not come to see you?
Are you alright?
-Do I have to call the nurse?
-What about the baby?
Please Suzy, just two minutes.
Look, I know you're fuming with me.
You must believe me when I say that
I didn't know you'd be in danger.
I'm serious.
Had I known it'd be risky,
I wouldn't have sent you.
This is all your fault
at the end of the day.
Don't say that! Can't you see
how much this upsets me?
I went around to the brothel
last night to kill that bastard.
There was no one there of course.
I guess he was afraid
I'd go to the police.
Why didn't you say it was a brothel,
when we were on the phone?
He told me it was an office.
There was an office alright
and plenty of bedrooms too!
God Almighty!
I'm so sorry.
I can't understand
why it's bothering me so much.
It shouldn't bother you at all.
You did nothing wrong.
They just couldn't take Oscar
from his family.
I know that, Peadar.
It'd be nice to mind him,
just the two of us.
I'm so fond of him.
I know that, Máire, but
you do take care of him every day.
And great care at that.
It's only natural to bring him
to see his mother at the weekend.
There's nothing more
you can do for him.
Even they themselves said that.
At least this way
we can get a night's sleep.
I know, Peadar.
It's just that I had my heart set
on fostering Oscar this time around.
That's not how it works, love.
We should count ourselves lucky.
You mind Oscar every day
and Evan is only next door.
Not every old couple are that lucky
in this day and age.
You're right. We are lucky.
Máire.
I think you should have a chat
with Berni about this.
She thinks she's to blame
that we didn't get Oscar.
I'll talk to her, don't worry.
I'm very proud of you.
Why?
Why wouldn't I be?
It's great to see yourself and Berni
getting on again.
You're setting Evan a great example.
Seeing his mother and grandmother
getting along.
Let's go!
Are you going to report him
to the Gardaí?
That would suit you, wouldn't it?
That way, you wouldn't be suspected.
Stop that nonsense!
It's not nonsense.
You'll pay for what you did to me.
You're not using your head, Suzy.
Both of us need to think of a way
to get even with that bastard.
But we need to go about it carefully.
Let bygones be bygones. We have
to pull together, this is no joke.
Who are you telling?
Right!
I wouldn't recommend
involving the Gardaí yet.
We're dealing with a dangerous man.
I know exactly
what kind of a man he is.
Hello.
Are you busy?
Someone's got to do it.
I could be here until kingdom come
waiting for them to lift a finger!
They can't be that bad.
The youth of today don't know
the meaning of work.
Youth? Those two aren't in the prime
of their youth anymore.
What are you talking about?
I'm twice as old as the two of them.
And I've done three times as much
work as the two of them put together.
They can go to hell for all I care!
The Lord save us and bless us!
I'm fine, Peadar.
Gosh!
Are you alright, Séamus?
You did a little somersault there!
You should stop drinking at lunch
time! You're not a young lad anymore.
Frig off you wasters!
Is that your equipment?
Yes, Sergeant.
Put it in a safe place.
It's causing a hazard there.
I'm sorry, Sergeant.
We're working on the car.
Only for that, it wouldn't be there.
It tripped Séamus.
Never mind, Séamus.
Séamus is just fine.
He wasn't hurt. There's no point
making a big deal about it.
It'll be a big deal
if it happens again.
Now if you don't mind,
put that equipment in a safe place.
And don't let it happen again.
Okay, Sergeant.
Maybe I can't get my revenge
on that bastard for what he did...
..but as for you,
that's quite another matter.
What good will that do you, Suzy?
To see you down like I was.
Or maybe I'll have a word
with Fatman.
I could promise not to go to the
Gardaí provided that he send out...
..a few thugs to do a job on you
like the one you did on me.
Have you completely lost your mind?
Stay away from him
or he'll kill us both.
I'm serious, Suzy.
I'll get even with him,
sooner or later.
I just need to be careful
how I go about it.
I don't want you to get even.
I never want anything from you again.
Don't be like that, Suzy.
Look at this as a way
of bringing us close again.
I want that. Don't you?
Look what he did to you!
Get out of my sight.
Suzy!
Okay, okay, I'm leaving.
They were right
at the end of the day.
I don't know how I thought
you could pick a child yourself.
I suppose that can't be done.
Any child they give you
will be lucky.
You're great with kids,
everyone says it.
-Hello ladies.
-Peadar!
Any chance I could leave Evan
with you this week?
He said he'd love to go painting
with you again.
Of course, Berni. Evan is welcome
any time he wants to call over.
Evainín!
Look who it is.
Hello Evan!
-How are you?
-Good.
Will you call over to Mamó tomorrow?
Yes.
Good boy! Let's go inside and I'll
show you the lovely paints I have.
Bye, Evan.
Good boy!
-There you go, Berni.
-Thanks.
Hold on a minute, Berni.
What?
Hear me out.
Something is still bothering Evan.
I'm worried about him.
We all know how easy it is
to worry you!
When I picked him up at the naíonra,
he was very quiet.
He didn't even want to say goodbye
to the other kids.
There's something bothering him,
believe me.
There's nothing wrong with my son.
Look Berni.
I don't mean to upset you.
I'm just worried about Evan.
It's probably
just his wretch of a mother...
..who's beating him black and blue!
That's not what I'm saying.
Yeah right. I'll tell you
what the best thing for Evan is.
For you to stay away from him
and mind your own business!
You have to tell the Gardaí.
You can't let him get away with this.
I mean, look at yourself.
Is was Daniel who did it, wasn't it?
I don't want to talk about it.
You have to do something about it.
For God's sake Suzy, he beat you.
Knock it off, Ríona. Please.
Things are bad enough already
without going to the Gardaí.
I have enough problems as it is.
I'll be back in a while. Okay?
Hello!
Thanks very much, Róise.
Do you have the scripts
for those new ads, Róise?
Róise.
I left them on your desk.
Thanks.
Labhrás! What can I do for you?
I've got them here.
Thank you.
Is that the last of the information?
Yes.
Good. Thank you.
Look, I'm delighted
that we've put all this behind us.
I never thought you'd allow
censorship like this to happen.
It was a board decision.
There's nothing I can do about it.
It was a personal decision
by the chairman and well you know it.
The decision has been made
and you should accept it.
I'm not willing to accept it.
I want the board of directors
to discuss it.
But Jason, what am I supposed
to tell her?
Can't you just come and visit?
Please.
She has no one else.
You can't..! Jason?
Were you in to see her?
Yeah.
How is she?
Okay, I suppose.
Will the baby be okay?
We don't know.
The poor girl.
Has she spoken to the Gardaí yet?
No, she hasn't.
Why not?
Because she doesn't want
to tell them anything.
She's probably right.
No, she isn't.
Whoever did that to her
should pay for it.
That's why I'm thinking
about going to the Gardaí.
You?
Yeah, there's no alternative.
I wouldn't recommend that.
Why not?
We don't know what happened.
We didn't see anything.
I've seen enough. Haven't you?
I don't know about that.
Don't tell me you don't suspect him.
Who?
Daniel, who else?
Come on!
Do you really think Daniel
would beat his own daughter?
Who else would do it?
And why else would she protect him?
You're not one hundred per cent
sure about that.
Until she makes
an official complaint...
..you shouldn't go accusing anyone.
-She could have her reasons.
-What do you mean?
After all that happened
with Jason...
..there's a chance
that no one will believe her.
Speaking of which,
is Jason coming to see her?
I only just told him
she's in hospital.
And?
And he's not interested.
A half a ton. I'll order that now
and I'll ring you when it arrives.
-Alright Micheál.
-Goodbye, Cóilín.
Come here a second.
What did the accountant have to say?
What we expected.
We didn't reach our targets.
If we don't make changes very soon
we're going to have problems.
What can we do?
A new advertising campaign.
Fliers, maybe a radio ad.
That won't work.
We have to offer something new,
something no one else is providing.
Any ideas?
No but we have to think
of something quick.
We don't do enough business.
Nor is there enough work
being done around here either.
They carry out these kinds
of operations every day.
Mistakes are made and people die.
Come on Suzy.
Nothing is going to happen to you.
What does it matter?
I wouldn't be much of a loss anyway.
Suzy, don't say things like that.
Why not? It would solve
everyone's problems if I died.
My Dad's problems would be solved
as would Janet's.
And Jason would have a clean slate
for the rest of his life.
That's rubbish and well you know it.
So where's Jason?
Why isn't he here?
I don't know.
He probably doesn't know
about this yet.
It serves me right.
No! No one deserves this.
Do you know the real reason why
I didn't go ahead with the abortion?
Yes. Because you couldn't kill
that little baby.
I wish that were true.
I was afraid.
Making that decision
took a lot of courage, Suzy.
Not courage but cowardice.
I had an abortion before.
I was well into my pregnancy
when it was carried out.
There were complications.
I backed out of the abortion
because I couldn't go through...
..with the operation.
Now they want me to go
under the knife to save the baby.
What would you do to entice customers
who had left you to come back?
The first thing I'd do is
review the company's assets.
What are your assets?
We're conveniently close
to customers.
We know people.
What else?
You have another asset
that neither of you thought of.
An asset you're not using
half enough.
-What?
-Séamus Mhicil Tom.
Séamus!
It's no laughing matter.
Séamus knows everyone
for miles around.
He goes to the fairs.
He knows how to get around people.
Séamus knows how things work.
An asset like that can't be bought.
Gosh!
You could send Séamus out
to local farmers to drum up business.
Give them a high-quality service
and they'll stay with you.
You're right, Peadar.
You could go further afield
for orders.
Ciarán could easily manage
the store.
Fair play to you Peadar.
I'd never have thought of that.
Why didn't we think of that?
There's only one problem.
What?
Séamus Mhicil Tom!
He's not a happy camper these days.
We'll have to entice him somehow.
That'll be your biggest obstacle.
When Séamus gets into a mood,
he's as stubborn as a mule.
Bye, Róise.
Never mind her.
Caitríona.
Yeah?
Have you told Vince yet
about me?
I haven't said a word.
Don't worry,
I won't mention a thing.
Thanks.
I'm not doing it for your sake.
It's better for Vince
not to know.
I thought he'd get back with you
if you told him.
That's what he said.
But I know Vince
much better than that.
Regardless of what he says,
he'd never forgive me or you either.
If you don't tell him,
you'll definitely lose him.
Maybe this sounds strange
coming from me...
..but won't you even
take the chance?
You want to get back with him, right?
Rory, if Vince found out about me
and you, he'd lose the head.
You'd end up in Casualty.
Vince would probably end up in prison
What use would that be to anyone?
Your secret is safe with me,
I won't say a word.
Róise on the other hand
is another matter entirely.
I don't think they'll go to
the Gardaí. For another while anyway.
Why do you say that?
I was talking to Ríona earlier.
She's not doing anything about it.
She's leaving it up to Suzy.
That's a relief.
Is she still threatening
to blame me for it?
Suzy?
No! The Queen of England!
Not as far as I know.
I thought you spoke to her.
I looked in on her
but Ríona was there too.
Imagine my own daughter
accusing me of lies like that!
She hasn't done it so far.
Even if she does, you'll be fine.
Provided you didn't do it.
Do you think I did it?
Fatman did it. Right?
Yes. I'll kill that bastard
when I get a hold of him.
Fatman?
I've been trying to ring him
but he's not answering.
He probably doesn't want to talk
to you until you cool down.
If he thinks I'll forgive him
he has another thing coming.
He hurt Suzy and put
the baby's life in danger.
I don't care who he is,
he'll pay for it.
Do as you like but I for one
wouldn't draw that Fatman on me.
He could end up killing
you and Suzy. He's a bad article.
I know. I'm not that stupid.
I'll catch up with him some day
when he least expects it.
And I'll get revenge.
Good luck with that!
Vince hi, come in!
I came to collect my stuff.
Do you want a cup of tea
or a glass of wine maybe?
No, thanks.
Can't we even talk about this?
What's the point when you won't even
tell me what happened?
-You know what happened.
-No I don't.
Now's your chance.
Who were you with?
Out with it! Who is he?
It's your choice. I'm leaving.
Please Vince!
Vince!